feat: Clarify the duplicate logging workaround (#2831)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js-contrib: plugins/node/opentelemetry-instrumentation-winston/README.md

```

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > Logs will be duplicated if `@opentelemetry/winston-transport` is added as a transport in `winston` and `@opentelemetry/instrumentation-winston` is configured with `disableLogSending: false`. You must import `winston` after you have called `registerInstrumentations`. 
> > ```js
> >const { WinstonInstrumentation } = require('@opentelemetry/instrumentation-winston');
> >const { registerInstrumentations } = require('@opentelemetry/instrumentation');
> >registerInstrumentations({
> >    instrumentations: [
> >        new WinstonInstrumentation({
> >          // Disable the duplicate logging from the auto instrumentation
> >          disableLogSending: true
> >        }),
> >    ],
> >});
> >// Winston import must be after the WinstonInstrumentation creation
> >const { OpenTelemetryTransportV3 } = require('@opentelemetry/winston-transport');
> >const winston = require('winston');
> > ```

Reviewer: @vordimous How about this wording:

```suggestion
> Logs will be **duplicated** if `OpenTelemetryTransportV3` is explicitly added as a Winston logger transport **and** `@opentelemetry/instrumentation-winston` is active with the [Log sending](#log-sending) feature (the default). If you are both using `OpenTelemetryTransportV3` and instrumentation-winston, be sure to either disable instrumentation-winston completely, or disable its Log sending feature (`disableLogSending: false`). For examle:
>
> ```js
> const { WinstonInstrumentation } = require('@opentelemetry/instrumentation-winston');
> const { registerInstrumentations } = require('@opentelemetry/instrumentation');
> registerInstrumentations({
>     instrumentations: [
>       new WinstonInstrumentation({
>         disableLogSending: true
>       }),
>     ],
> });
> const { OpenTelemetryTransportV3 } = require('@opentelemetry/winston-transport');
> // Winston import must be after the WinstonInstrumentation creation
> const winston = require('winston');
>
> // ...
> const logger = winston.createLogger(...);
> ```
```
